[docs] Added voyager 1.8.4 docs (#24631)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/release-notes.md

- Guardrails for YugabyteDB Voyager commands. Added guardrails checks to validate source/target database permissions, verify binary dependencies, and check database version compatibility for PostgreSQL in all [yb-voyager](../reference/yb-voyager-cli/) commands. This feature is currently disabled by default and can be enabled with the `--run-guardrails-checks` flag during assess-migration, export data, and import data phases.

### Enhancements

- Added support in [assess-migration](../reference/assess-migration/) and [analyze-schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) command to report the unsupported datatypes for live migration during fall-forward/fall-back such as user-defined types, array of enums, and so on.
- Improved coverage of reporting PostGIS datatypes by including BOX2D, BOX3D, and TOPOGEOMETRY in the assess-migration and analyze-schema report.
- Included Voyager version details in assess-migration and analyze-schema reports.
- Added a confirmation prompt (yes/no) for start clean during data export, allowing users to confirm before proceeding.

> - Enhanced export and import commands output to display exported/imported table list by row counts, with the largest tables on top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced export and import command output to display exported/imported table list by row count, with the largest tables first.
```

### Bug fixes

- Fixed [import data](../reference/data-migration/import-data/) and `import data file` commands to ensure batches created from data files don't exceed the default batch size limit (200MB), preventing "RPC message too long" errors with large rows. Also, added an immediate check to error out for single row size over 200MB.

> - Fixed an issue in `analyze-schema` where partitioned tables were incorrectly reported as having the insufficient columns in the primary key constraint due to a regex misidentifying the CONSTRAINT clause before primary key definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in `analyze-schema` where partitioned tables were incorrectly reported as having insufficient columns in the primary key constraint due to a regex misidentifying the CONSTRAINT clause before primary key definition.
```

> - Fixed the object names in the schema summary of `assess-migration` and `analyze-schema` reports for OPERATOR names and to uniquely identify the INDEX, TRIGGER, and POLICY objects by adding table name to it.

Reviewer: not quite sure how to fix this. the operator names were wrong? add table name to what?

Reviewer 2: cc @priyanshi-yb

Reviewer 3: for OPERATOR objects, we fixed the names as they were not correctly shown earlier but for INDEX TRIGGER and POLICY ones we renamed them in the reports to also include table names for unique identification in their object names with the format `<object_name> ON <table_name>`.
